This lesson we're going to update some of the styling to improve what the way the game looks so within
our car and as well as our enemy.
We're going to apply a background image and the image is going to have a U URL.
And within this you url.
So we actually have an image car to PSG so you can apply that and the background is going to be cover.
So suit that looks like it's now when we refresh.
OK.
They look a little bit more like cars now as well you can add that image as well into your application
to make them look a little bit more like car like.
So I was just a little quick tweak to adjust the way the cars look and let's do a final code review
of the game just to make sure that everything is working as intended.
So when we start the game we come in and we've got a really narrow road.
So we might want to even adjust the width of the road if we wanted to as we can see it's a little bit
narrow and sometimes light look a little bit better if the road was wider.
So instead of 200 picks let's do a width of 400.
And in this case we're probably enough to make some adjustments to the code as well.
Let's try it out and see how that works.
And we do need to adjust where the lines are as well as where the cars are coming in.
So you can make it a little bit more difficult but then this as well we need to adjust because we hardcoded
some of these values.
So we've got our margin left.
So we need to adjust that to be one ninety five.
And we also need to adjust where the car position is as we've got that to be as a static position as
well.
So if we update all three of these we should be good to go with having a wider road.
So go back and try that out and see if that works.
And so far so good.
It shouldn't be affecting any of other mechanics of the game.
So we should be able to start again and see that that is that is working properly.
And sometimes you do need to play through these games just to make sure that everything is working as
intended.
And we might not even want to change our car color to be white so that it stands out a little bit more
within the road.
So that's another option so you can eat really easily adjust the car color and that's coming in from
as a default here within these lines we've got it as blue so we can set it as white or we could use
javascript to set that as well.
So it's all dependent on what you want to do.
So now we've got our white car and all of that the enemy cars are going to have a number on them.
So we see that it's got the one two three and so on.
So see they all have numbers on top of them.
So do try out the game and an upcoming lesson we'll do a quick overview of the source code to do a quick
review of what we did and how we accomplished and built out this car game from scratch.
So all of that is still yet to come in the upcoming lesson.